hey everyone so on the way home from
work today I stopped at an outlet fabric
store and it's one that I've gone to
several times before I don't I still
don't know the name the sign actually
just says fabric store it used to say
American cloth for less but I really
don't know the official store name but I
stopped there and they already have like
really low prices but they're having
sales on top of that and so I ended up
getting about twenty-five dollars worth
of fabric and I wanted to share it with
you all so the first thing is this
flannel it is a navy blue and it has
grey and baby blue mushrooms on it and
it's kind of a thin flannel and it's
really cute and I for some reason I was
just really drawn to it I just like the
way the mushrooms are kind of scattered
around and it just has a really cutesy
look to it second are these two fabrics
in pink and teal and I really got these
because of the cupcakes
I know cupcakes are kind of big right
now and these ones were cute with how
they have a little heart on top of them
and so I just decided to get both of
these um oh the first flannel was on
sale for $3 a yard and then this cupcake
material was on sale for a dollar 50 a
yard
the next fabric is a pink pale pink with
darker pink polka dot that's another
flannel and it is a thicker flannel it
is really good quality flannel so I
ended up getting two yards of this and
all the flannels were $3 a yard so um I
just really love this I'm really not a
girly girl and I don't go for a lot of
pink stuff but this just really caught
my eye and I just had to get two yards
of it the next fabric is a multicolored
polka dot
it's another flannel and I wasn't really
for sure on this one but um I'm sure I
will find a use for it because it is
really cute colors next is the
is another flannel and it's kind of a
thin flannel and I really don't know
what color it is it's I'm thinking it's
gray and the colored inch strips are
gray and then the outline strips I
believe are navy but I'm not a hundred
percent sure next is this kind of
sherbert colored stripes and it is
actually a name-brand from jo-ann
fabrics that was sent for some reason at
this fabric outlet and I don't know if
it's because the stripes if you can I
don't know if you can see it on camera
but the stripes aren't completely
colored in there are kind of patches of
lighter color and amongst them and I
don't know if that was intentional
or if that is a mistake but they had
about three bolts of it there so I don't
really know but I thought the colors
were really pretty so I went ahead and
got it and these next two fabrics that
I'm gonna show our designer fabrics and
the designer fabrics were on sale for $3
a yard and this first one I just like
the different flowers in it and how they
were kind of arranged in stripes I just
thought it was kind of neat as well as
it looks modern the way the flowers are
drawn but it also has like a little bit
of a vintage look to it and so I just
thought it was really kind of cool and
the last fabric is this pretty butterfly
designer fabric and I have a couple of
other butterfly fabrics already and I've
never used them I kind of cool like buy
them and then don't know what to use
them for and don't want to use them
because they're so pretty so I went
ahead and got I think it was about a
yard of this fabric so hopefully I can
find a use for it and actually put it to
use instead of letting it just sit on
the shelf and lastly is this grey
interfacing it is very lightweight
fusible interfacing and it was on a
large bowl like a decorator type bolt so
it's 62 inches wide I
it was only 99 cents a yards so I got
two yards just to try it out so that is
what I found today at the fabric store I
had a lot of fun kind of just roaming
around the store not really looking for
anything in particular but just kind of
see them what drew me to it by the
colors and patterns and everything
and so I'm sure you'll see a few of
these in upcoming tutorials and if not
then you'll probably see them as items
in my Etsy store later on so definitely
check that out as well there's a link
below to my Etsy store if you're
interested in that and yeah I just
thought this would be a fun little haul
video and I will have my next tutorial
up on Thursday so I will see everyone
later bye